JMSC-87: Add missing descriptions (#1570)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: jms/1.7/modules/ROOT/pages/jms-connector-reference.adoc

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Durable a| Boolean | Indicates if messages are cached when the client is not connected. | false |
| Shared a| Boolean | Indicates if the subscription is shared among consumers. | false |

> | No Local a| Boolean | Inhibits the delivery of published messages by their own connection. | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No Local a| Boolean | Inhibits the delivery of published messages from their own local connection. | false |
```

> | Subscription Name a| String | The subscription name. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Subscription Name a| String | Name of the subscription. |  |
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Session Cache Size a| Number | The size of the session cache |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Session Cache Size a| Number | Size of the session cache. |  |
```

> | Cache Producers a| Boolean | Indicates if the producer is cached. | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cache Producers a| Boolean | Indicates whether or not to cache the producer. | true |
```

> | Cache Consumers a| Boolean | Indicates if the consumer is cached. | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cache Consumers a| Boolean | Indicates whether or not to cache the consumer. | true |
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Context Factory a| Object | The fully qualified class name of the factory class that creates the initial context. |  |

Reviewer: See comment below for this same description.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Context Factory a| Object | The fully qualified class name of the factory class that creates the initial context. |  |

Reviewer: I wonder if we can just say: The fully qualified name of the factory class that creates the initial context. 

?
